{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red194\green126\blue101;\red24\green24\blue24;\red193\green193\blue193;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c80784\c56863\c47059;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 """\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 **Objective:** Convert the previously generated structured document summary into a graph representation. The output should be a JSON object containing lists of nodes and edges, suitable for programmatic use in graph visualization or analysis tools.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 **Input:**\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 You will use the structured summary generated from the previous prompt. This summary includes:\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 1.  Overall Document Summary\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 2.  Key Entities/Concepts (Nodes) with descriptions\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 3.  Key Relationships/Interactions (Edges) with source, target, and nature of relationship\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 4.  Main Themes/Information Clusters with summaries and central entities\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 **Instructions:**\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Based on the provided structured summary, generate a JSON object with two main keys: `"nodes"` and `"edges"`.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 **1. Nodes:**\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2    *   The `"nodes"` value should be an array of objects.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2    *   Each node object should represent an entity or concept identified in the "Key Entities/Concepts" section of the input summary.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2    *   **Node Object Attributes:**\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2         *   `"id"`: (String) A unique, machine-readable identifier for the node. Generate this by taking the entity/concept name, converting it to lowercase, and replacing spaces with underscores (e.g., "ESMA Report 2023" becomes "esma_report_2023"). Ensure these IDs are unique.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2         *   `"label"`: (String) The original human-readable name of the entity/concept (e.g., "ESMA Report 2023").\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2         *   `"description"`: (String) The description of the entity/concept provided in the input summary.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2         *   `"type"`: (String) (Optional, but preferred) Attempt to categorize the entity (e.g., "Document", "Regulation", "Organization", "Person", "Concept", "Process"). If unsure, use a generic type like "Entity" or omit.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2         *   `"themes"`: (Array of Strings) A list of the titles of the "Main Themes/Information Clusters" from the input summary where this entity/concept was listed as central.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 **2. Edges:**\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2    *   The `"edges"` value should be an array of objects.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2    *   Each edge object should represent a relationship or interaction identified in the "Key Relationships/Interactions" section of the input summary.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2    *   **Edge Object Attributes:**\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2         *   `"source"`: (String) The `"id"` of the source node for this relationship (must match one of the generated node IDs).\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2         *   `"target"`: (String) The `"id"` of the target node for this relationship (must match one of the generated node IDs).\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2         *   `"label"`: (String) The nature of the relationship as described in the input summary (e.g., "influences", "proposes changes to", "is part of").\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2         *   `"details"`: (String) (Optional) Any additional context or details provided for the relationship in the input summary.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 **Processing Guidelines:**\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 *   Carefully map the information from the "Key Entities/Concepts" section of the input summary to the node objects.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 *   Carefully map the information from the "Key Relationships/Interactions" section of the input summary to the edge objects, ensuring you use the generated node `"id"` values for `"source"` and `"target"`.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 *   Use the "Main Themes/Information Clusters" section to populate the `"themes"` attribute for each node.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 *   Ensure consistency between the node IDs generated and those used in the source/target fields of the edges.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 *   The final output should be a single JSON object.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 **Example Snippet of Expected JSON Output:**\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ```json\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \{\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2   "nodes": [\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2     \{\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2       "id": "esma_report_2023",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2       "label": "ESMA Report 2023",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2       "description": "The main document discussing regulatory changes.",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2       "type": "Document",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2       "themes": ["Regulatory Updates", "Reporting Standards"]\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2     \},\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2     \{\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2       "id": "emir_regulation",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2       "label": "EMIR Regulation",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2       "description": "A key financial regulation being updated.",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2       "type": "Regulation",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2       "themes": ["Regulatory Updates"]\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2     \}\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2     // ... more nodes\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2   ],\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2   "edges": [\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2     \{\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2       "source": "esma_report_2023",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2       "target": "emir_regulation",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2       "label": "proposes changes to",\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2       "details": "The report outlines new reporting standards for EMIR."\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2     \}\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2     // ... more edges\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2   ]\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \}\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 """\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
}